# CT-20: Creative Coding

[g5](https://editor.p5js.org/tasi_ann/sketches/kmoZFzM5K)

[week 3 reflection:](https://editor.p5js.org/tasi_ann/sketches/BP4ln_ugN)
During class, I've been trying to figure out at least rotation, so when we were learning for statements, I was able to have a better understanding of rotation at least. The main thing I've been trying to do is figure out how to include time segments that can work. I linked my sketch so far, but I think my next step is getting a certain aesthetic that the clock will take time. I'm thinking of maybe doing a timer for desserts/sweets, or doing a clock that's a bit behind the normal clock for those who run on what my culture refers to as "island time". I think the main things I still may struggle with would be relearning GitHub to add photos of my own. Other than that, I think I'm slowly having a better understanding of p5!

[week 4 reflection/project 1:]
When it came to the first project, I know there are a lot of areas I want to work on for my next project already. I enjoyed my time with Blender during class, and I might include more work from Blender in my next project. During class, I made a simple robot head, but for this project, I decided to try out the clock. It wasn't too bad, as my idea for time would be a video game clock reflecting Kirby. I love Kirby personally, and I had a thought to make a clock of him that will show when he can eat and such. I had a difficult time with the math part, trying to get the time, but I like the fast pace of it because Kirby is always hungry pretty fast for a character. My main vision was to show he's a hungry character, and when it strikes the top, it's time for him to eat. I have plenty of room for improvement, and I hope to refine it further when I have the time. The coding for p5 is pretty enjoyable when making art pieces and such. I think my brain was having a difficult time keeping track of each of the items I made and how to make the hand move, but it's a lot of troubleshooting, and I'm pretty glad with the piece.
